Hi, this is Eric Johnson. It's February 18, 2021 and this is the engineering key review at GitLab. So I've got number four in the agenda which is a proposal to break up this meeting into for department key review. So currently this is engineering development quality, security, and UX infrastructure and support do their own key reviews already. Other reasons why increase visibility will go deeper. Increase the objectivity with which my reports can manage their groups. A lot of new more time to focus on new markets and allow me to shift into more of a question ask or mode than generating content and answering questions in these meetings. And but to avoid adding three net new meetings to stakeholders, counters that are supposed to be doing sort of two month rotations. So, month one development quality go, month two security and UX would go. How do people feel about that proposal? I think in the group conversations it's working really well. So I'm supportive. And this is the smallest thing maybe we need for a meeting some month. Like it's the biggest department, it's super central. But you proposed this. I don't know. I could see it away. So let's take a look at the proposal. Cool. We'll try it and we'll we can be flexible. I mean the development as large or maybe they give more frequent airship types. I will see how it's the other case. All right. And then I've got number five, which is we've got R&D overall MR rate. And we also have R&D wider MR rate both as top level KPIs for engineering. So the difference between in the simple senses that R&D wire MR rate includes both community contributions and community MRs. The problems I see with this are that one the wider MR rate, the one that includes internally and external MRs. It duplicates the overall MR rate, which is the wider MR rate, should just be external, right? And an overall should be narrow plus wider. Like we say the wider community. Right? Right? Okay. So there's. I'll have to check the taxonomy. But like can you confirm sets rate that's that's that's it's recent is my understanding as well. Yeah. I believe water. MR rate just captures community contributions. Only a no internal. Yeah. And the reason we measure that is that like one of the most likely failure modes is that we lose the community. Yeah. So we're good. Our corgots goofy is the. When you look at a specific team within the company, there could be contributions outside of that that our community contributions. They would be community contributions by that group, but effectively they're not from outside the company. So that's why I use wider to kind of reflect that and narrow as very specific to the team. Are you saying that if someone in plan contributes to verify it's viewed as wider? Not quite that plan plan and verify or just fine. It's when you look at like the development versus infrastructure infrastructure will oftentimes contribute to developments work, but it won't be counted as MRs. Okay. I thought so that's a potential bit of fucking is that we should talk about separately. I didn't have that in my sort of critique of this, but that doesn't necessarily make intuitive sense to me. So then I think part of my critique of this can be thrown out because it's not as duplicative as I thought, but I still think there's a problem with R&D, wider MR rate, which is this thing doesn't really move. And part of it because it's sort of some rate. So it feels like the way to drive this up is to specifically drive community authors to contribute more than one MR per month. That's how this moves up because it's a productivity really we use internally. And that doesn't necessarily feel like the right thing because they're scenarios in which this goes up. We've actually got less contributions overall and less contributors overall. Wait a second. So you're saying that R&D, wider MR rate is number MRs for external contributor. Oh my goodness, that should not be the thing. It should be contributions for get-lapti member. So to contribute those, the thing above the division is the external ones. The thing below is the number of team members that get high. Is that the case, Lily? I'm checking right now. I think so. I think so. I think that's the version where she member. So unless we start calling people outside the company team member, then it shouldn't be done. Yeah, just clarifying here. So our numerator is community contributions and then our denominator is get-lapti members. So it's not per external member. And it should not be this obvious. Krishna, Naya, Emma's, Ramrit. Did you see it? Yes, I did. You're in the opposite. I'm going to the other side. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. I'll see you in the next video. Once it's cooked, i'm going to make it... It's good for me. It's the alternatives worth having it a long time. For now, it'll be easy for me to respond to it please. I don't pay attention to it. The girls will act at the end of Seknhar festival. Who does everything of you? I'm doing an accident that I did the bloody unintended Tell me G seed觀 Dreamy If you have questions, please write them back I can't even go to the other door. I can't even go to the other door. I can't even go to the other door. I can't even go to the other door. I can't even go to the other door. So we... So we... So we're doing their area. Because we're not trying to say how many... How many MRs is someone sent if they sent something? We're saying how many MRs from external do we get for the size of our organizations? So we're trying to find a way to get the help of the community. Sorry I have a childhood emergency outside the door. So maybe explain the context behind us. The context is as we grow as a company. We should make sure we keep the community up. The logical thing is for the community to flatline and the size of the York to go and before you know it's kind of outgrown the wider community. Yeah and what I'm seeing is we created this pre-sophysicative taxonomy with pre-fixes and post-fixes to talk about these things. In reality we've only got two of them and it's... We keep forgetting. They have a hard time discussing this thing. So I'd rather just name them simply two names for what they are rather than using the taxonomy. But also like it can have, I suppose, of like, what if we just track the key pie that percentage of total MRs that come from the community over time? And we would see that drop. I love that. I love that. Let's do that instead. Okay. The thing that we have this compliance thing is because you can game that. You want to game that. You just produce fewer MRs with the engineers that get on. So if you've drive that really hard to say, this is your number one goal. Very easy to achieve. You just tell all your engineers to produce half. Yeah, so we have we have different metrics to read that from happening the same way that like support SLAs and SAC kind of but just one another. I think we're robust to that but simplifying this would make these conversations go. If you, as is our CTO don't even understand them, we went overboard. So I'm a high-shempered if you're in them and I forgot. I was reading the stuff this morning. Like there's a problem with this and then you just remind me of the context. So yeah, I came to the little medical board. Or sent it said come from the community. I love that. It's about all our investors ask about how to do that. Okay. Cool. So, really, if you can work with. Max to make that transition of theory and I'll fold the one that. I'm not talking about that's really multiry. Thanks. I'm on a call sorry, it was a bit late in a time line. We do have PI's on the raw number of community MRs. We can make the shift and wire confirming from the definition that it. Why don't we count for community and that's that's what the definition is. Cool. All right, so number six then crystal. Sorry, I was looking up to see if I had the percentage graph because I think we played around with this at one point and how to draft it. Probably about five months back. If I can remember really. Just in a way, I'm not too February. If you were looking at any particular metric subjecting development in our rate. We haven't had updates in four days. So there's apparently a lag issue that's been problematic for data team to basically get. Update, message, message, message update and metrics and they're working on that. Okay, I'm sorry, make you get the next one. So yeah, I, there's some color there on the on the education need that lag later on. On to on to seven. We can keep, I said, why I, it should not be the ice. I'm sorry. I got one of just touch on the. Postgres replication issue there real quick. I'm trying to get my own draft around it. On do we have the right attention to this? This is kind of, I don't know if you were commenting on. Hitting towards this in the last meeting around some of the infrastructure improvements and a product side. I'm just not quite sure who's responsibility is to focus on getting. I hand a lot. Some of the constraints we have in replication. Yeah, the, what I was mentioning in the product here review about an hour goes I think is sort of like unrelated. I'm, it's okay. The DRI needs to be your kind of data engineering team, but of course there's a dependency on infrastructure, because that's for the data being from they do on that data source. Yeah, I'll say for the replication lag on that slave host where. I'm sure not on the the. Secondary host where. The data is being pulled from like infrastructure would be the DRI to that. And so any escalations, but I'll follow those and I know we have. Connection plan for that as far as creating another data. It just for the, the data to pull from. Okay. I did actually. I saw that issue and I did talk to Craig Gomes little bit as well and database side just see if there's some. Database improvements and I'm still trying to figure out, you know, if it's truly just dedicated computation role to resource a server. Or. But there's actually some some database. Tuning that needs to occur. Do you have a sense of that? There's, so that's it's three different things. It's having a dedicated host that doesn't have conflicting query traffic coming from other other workloads. There are some tuning performance that are tuning and promised to remain. And then there's also improvements and it and this is where it does maybe relate a little bit to what the topic was in the last. But we're basically the overall demand on the database layer from from dot com activities and like improving those. So it's it's definitely not just one of those things. But one of the, it was specific actions that we're going to take that is separating out and having a dedicated house. So we're just dealing with the profile of the data in your traffic on there. And not having conflicting query. Looking queries affect the ability to update the replication. I definitely want to partner with you on this. So because I think the demand on those databases is only going to decrease. It's not going down. And I think we need to get. I'm still unclear on. Where to focus and to get the biggest bank for the bucket. I think of the computational resource dedication. That's going to be a good thing, but I'll probably going to squeeze the balloon. And then the next area will we'll honor that self. Okay, now I will put into the infreq here with you. Next week. Okay. We have a date on on this issue. Thank you Steve. So back to Mac on seven or. Yes. Thank you. And Rob was in these as assets that this morning as well. Brian, we have the attention there. Number seven, just provide a day on previous conversations. We continue to improve defect tracking and against SLOs. There's a first iteration PR of years. Fair landing show percentage of defects meeting. The SLOs key findings as one answer. How big an 80% S2 at 60 will be focused mostly on S1 as to at this point. It's hence why as three and as fours are lower. And this this will likely be the case. We are also in point B are working on the measurement for average. Open bugs age. This would give us a whole picture what's left. The age was up and down. We are playing the back lobby average age should go down as well. There's no PR yet but I just want to update and should be on this. It's not an up track. Number C Craig on S2. Yeah, just as I was looking to the charts that I noted that there was a spike in the entire close. Yeah, I mean just want to see if the editing itself to that press. This is the S2 that's the S1 look like. Yeah, this is where the point beyond age and some of the other charts in the back end helped. So I haven't seen a dip in age nor the count of right. I think it's the latter. We need to dig in a bit deeper in that and also at the day like. I would like to agree with that. We want to be having a whole picture on everything is sitting as well. Chrisie, you have some insights. Yeah, I'm just looking at the part of this could be the fact that we changed the severity across the board for MRs to S2 and so we may have some older bugs in there that hadn't been addressed because they were at a lower severity now. We've moved them to S2 and maybe that caused a little spike. But that could be the case that we did in the limited fashion. It would be a huge bubble. We also iterated after that to to pin on priority. Since trying to go into our organization. So I wouldn't account it entirely. I mean this isn't the infrastructure review, but. I know that they've gotten backed up on those issues. So if some some good portion of those are are in for created or related. Then that may be left in it as well. I can take the deeper the end and then provide an update. Exciting. I think we need. Exert. You got a slicing of the data here. Send you like to go to point eight. Yeah, we are now measuring as one as to SLO achievement with closed bugs. But if you then look at the number of bugs it's exponential growth. And then it will be trivial to us to achieve 100% SLO achievement. If you just look at closed bugs even though there would be a major problem in the company. Nineteen and percent of all bugs are overdue. As long as I only close ones that are still within the SLO, I'll have great achievement. So I think we shouldn't be looking at the closed bugs. I think we should be looking at open bugs. The entire population or percentage of doses within the SLO time. I think we do it in the wrong way. Thanks for the thanks for the feedbacks that. Hence why we wanted to have the average age to to measure what's outside of the open. We can make this iteration to measure also measure focus on the age of open. Including open bugs. This is also something we discuss with Chris and next iteration as well. And we happy what happened to it just. So they'd be. Yes, go ahead. So every eight would get closer to it. It's not what I'm proposing. What I'm proposing is of the open bugs. What percentage is outside of SLO. So this plate as a percentage. Do you know just do it about the open bugs. Mount the close. Ah, got it. Okay. The exceeding SLO for open bugs. Yeah. Or open bugs that are within SLO. So you have a chart that should go up into the right. Like everything else. Sounds great. We can take it to the next data metrics. What's your favorite data? Cool. Thanks. Isn't pretty much the most tricky. Make your left to figure out how to. Because we like to be able to have charts that we can historically reconstruct if we need to. So when tickets close out, you need to go through the history to figure out how that's time when it was open. Did it reach that SLO or not. That's a good point. This might be much harder computationally. And so I told the perspective we can do it for that reason. Cool. Cool. Nine trick. Yeah. I just wanted to ask the team like I went through all of the key metrics. I really looked at why with prior periods and the good is anything that team wants to call out. It's supposed to do that wish you watch it. Yeah. I'll call it. It's a good thing that we can do this is. In Q4 we had our smallest decline over several quarters. So we only went down by a tenth of a point. The quarter previous was point six or six tenths of a point and the quarter before that was a full point. So. We see this as an improvement even though it was still a decline. But it's still in the climb. Obviously we want this actually tracking. In upward direction. We also don't have enough data to know whether or not this is an actual real trend. So I'm optimistic. I think this is a good thing. We have had a much cleaner focus on sets over the past several quarters. So that's why I think okay. The work that we've done I think actually is catching up and getting noticed in us but we got to keep an eye on it. We can't. We can't assume that. That's the case. Yeah. And the bar discussion. And the book discussion above just kind of points out that like we have an underlying. Problem right now in our metrics measurement. So if we change the measurements to reflect that then hopefully we're in good shape. If we don't and we flat line and address it. So that we flat line open S1s and S2s. You will see a temporary jump in and us above SLOs. And as we clear out that backlog over that period of time. And I have point see which is somewhere to have a stretch. We need to get more security work prioritized or hearing that from the team. But neither that problem nor that activity is sort of currently reflected in our security metrics. We have some work to do long term to make sure that we see things like that in the metrics and the measurements. So we're making. So you just mentioned that you want to let Python. So do not learn Python in manual range 20 when you've got because learning Python in manual will take you like six months of your time on top of that will be a lot of productive in Python. Because when you use AI in your Python menus, AI to do your Python coding, you'll be a support of 90 times a stock your time while you're coding while you're debugging while you're grading the maps and while you're straighting as well. So for tackling the same problem we found like 10 useful tools for day to day is Python development and Python work. We have developed a program which is like absolutely beginner's and even if you have zero knowledge in Python you can join this program and in 30 days you're really coming forward Python that also using yeah you really not becoming a Python developer you're becoming a 10x Python developer and the best part like we have democratized this program so this 30 day program just for a bit when I joined can you build that. So back to you said 10. Yeah, the narrow MR rate seems significantly below target and maybe I helped that it would bounce back from December if he could bounce back but not back on target any contact stare what's going on. Yeah, so. With family and friends days we actually had some heavier vacation days in junior where then we historically have one thing to know is that. We are actually at a higher MR rate if you look if you go back the last 18 months, especially to have higher MR rate than we were back in. Each month this year so if you compare. October October November to November to November and this engineer I'm sorry October November December to December January. Compared to last year which will find this where between a half point and a 1.5 MR rate above where we were in the month of previous year. That's that's great contact thank you Chris Siffran good word. Yeah, so the expectation is that February is short month that we are at you think 16 more days with friends and family day and other things. Obviously a seven car edges and Texas doesn't help things either for the folks who are working in Texas. But hopefully the rest of the team is being effective. I was hoping to see if it was all right now but with four or five days particularly around release week. That's usually when we see do do see a little bit higher activity so that's not accounted for yet. But you know marches marches when I'm expecting kind of see a real rebrand much like we did last year. Awesome. Thank you. The other context to give is we now do time series targets so when we change the target you'll see there are flooded in a line so if we were to look back historically here. The goal here is actually lower and Christopher was ambitious and he could raise it and we kept meeting that so it should stare step here and we could go back and we got struck that if we really wanted to. And then ignoring the sort of the seasonal dip here. We raised it to I think 11 and then we realized we're kind of hitting that point of doing mention returns and already tend to do business wise and this is in our FI 20 jid direction is. And we've told the line at productivity but start to raise other things related to quality security availability and what not so that's kind of way you're wasting this above as we raised it and we realized okay that's not there we shouldn't raise it anymore and we brought it back down to 10 so 10 will be the. Starting going forward we're going to try to get better a lot of other things up preventing this from dipping. Cool and I just want to call out that it's not necessarily like and higher MR rates should also help to address security and quality and all the things because you're more productive so you can fix more things so it's not necessarily opposite. But I agree with. But hold the line 10 is and is a great number and focus on other indicators to improve that makes it to my sense. Cool. All right. That's if the agenda anyone on of a glass anything else. Great. Well, thanks everybody and I'm going to go check on my four year old and see if she got whatever she needed. So cheers and talks to you. Thanks.